okay John here making this video I made
another cell here and see I stuck it to
the piece of copper circuit board here
and I put these two in series and here's
a test sample of the material and then
here are these two your in series now no
matter where I slide this you can just
move it wherever I want as long as it
touches the copper why I have power it's
just a solid-state crystal there it is
you can see it's after Prague Gene's
work with all the stress cracks and
everything in it set it down in there
and there you go you have your power so
I thought I would just share the second
crystal here working on the thing and
they're they're the same they're exactly
done the same and they seem to it seems
like you stack them up so no matter
where I put this
you know providing the Cobbers clean I
mean this is pretty well oxidized there
you go
get over here
and so I can just about put it on any
copper and they'll do that
so thanks for watching